the Ark of the Covenant action the
ancient city of Aksum in Ethiopia
thrived as a capital of the first
Ethiopian Kingdom founded at the end of
the first century
Aksum is also a Christian holy site the
Ethiopian Orthodox Church continues to
follow early Christian teachings
practices and traditions these 20 metre
high stone monuments standing in the
centre of the town are the tombstones of
ancient kings people here practiced an
ancient religion before Christianity was
introduced this Halfmoon shape
represents the god of the moon
Christianity was introduced to a tomb
during the 4th century the Church of st.
Mary of Zion was built at around that
time the legend on how action became a
sacred site is depicted here during the
9th century the Queen of Sheba who
dominated this region fell in love with
King Solomon of Israel and had a son
named Menelik the first Menelik the
first became the first king of Ethiopia
he acquired the Ark containing the
tablets of the Ten Commandments and
brought it to Aksum the Ark of the
Covenant was then brought to this church
the entrance to the sacred room where
the Ark is kept is protected by two
angels holding swords
the sacred Ark can only be seen by the
public on the day of a festival
however no one has ever actually seen
what is inside as it is prohibited to
open the Ark this festival is carried
out to celebrate the day when Jesus
Christ was baptized the climax of the
festival is a large-scale baptism
ceremony attended by the local
Christians
this pond is believed to be the place
where the queen of sheba herself used to
bathe at the end of the festival many
people jump into the pond and swim it is
certainly the highlight of the year for
the citizens of Aksum
you